Go ahead and fire up your browser and search for Spring Boot documentation.
Find the result that says Spring Boot Reference Documentation,
click that, and it'll load the docs.
Locate the left panel in the documentation and look for Spring
Boot Actuator production-ready features.
Click that and it'll expand out into all of the actuator endpoint features.
Then choose 5.2 or the one that says Endpoints.
This will bring up all of the Spring Boot Actuator
endpoints that are included by default.
Take a minute and scroll down and read through each
one of these actuator endpoints.
I'll think you'll be surprised to find that there's a lot of functionality there and it actually covers a wide array of different features.